Provide Grafana dashboard JSON configuration (#5188)
spiffe/spire: doc/telemetry/grafana.md

- **Retrieval:** Measures the time taken to retrieve data.
- **Signing:** Tracks the latency involved in signing processes.
- **Cache Reload:** Monitors the time taken for cache reload operations.
- **Datastore:** Measures the latency of datastore interactions.

#### 4. Server Runtime Info

This dashboard provides runtime information about the server, including:

- **Alloc Bytes:** Shows the amount of memory allocated by the server.
- **Heap Objects:** Displays the number of heap objects in use.

## Filters

To refine the data displayed on the dashboards, several filters are available:

- **Agent Filter:** Select a specific agent to view detailed information about it.
- **Server Filter:** Select a specific server to view detailed information about it.
- **Time Filter:** Choose the time period for which you want to view the data.

## Steps to Import a JSON Dashboard

1. **Open Grafana:** Log in to your Grafana instance.
2. **Import Dashboard:** Click on the "+" icon in the sidebar and select "Import dashboard".
3. **Upload JSON File:** Use the upload option to import the provided JSON file, or replace into "Import via dashboard JSON model".

> 4. **Configure Data Source:** Ensure that the Prometheus data source is configured correctly for the imported dashboard to function properly. This could be done by looking for "Data sources" in the search bar.

Reviewer: I think that this step should be the second step, so we make sure that the data source is already defined and properly configured by the moment that the dashboard is imported.
I also have a suggestion for the text.
```suggestion
4. **Configure Data Source:** Ensure that a Prometheus data source is configured with the Prometheus server that is monitoring SPIRE. You can search for "Data sources" in the search bar to go to the configuration of data sources. Please refer to the [Prometheus telemetry configuration documentation](telemetry_config.md#prometheus) for details about how to configure Prometheus as the metrics collector in SPIEW.
```
